README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">☕ Coffee</h1>

**Keep Screen Awake**

Coffee is a modern, open-source Android utility built with Jetpack Compose and Material Design 3. It provides a Quick Settings tile to prevent screen dimming or locking during reading, navigation, or focused tasks, with customizable timers including indefinite mode.

> **Disclaimer:** Uses foreground service with WAKE_LOCK for reliable operation. Works on Android 10+. Test compatibility on your device.

---

## 📥 Download

Get the latest version of **Coffee**:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/OpenAppsLabs/Coffee/releases/latest/download/app-release.apk">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vadret/android/master/assets/get-github.png" alt="Get it on GitHub" height="100"/>
  </a>
</p>

> ⚠️ This app is not available on the Google Play Store — use the links above to download the APK.

---

## 📱 Screenshots

<p align="center">
  <img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" width="30%" />
  <img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" width="30%" />
  <br>
  <img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png" width="30%" />
  <img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png" width="30%" />
</p>

---

## ✨ Features

* **Material You Design:** Fully compatible with Material 3 dynamic theming.  
* **Quick Settings Tile:** One-tap toggle with timer selection (1-60 min or infinite).  
* **Foreground Service:** Reliable screen-on with persistent notification.  
* **Lightweight:** Minimal footprint, instant response.  
* **No Ads/Trackers:** 100% privacy-focused, offline operation.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

I welcome contributions! To keep the project organized and maintainable, please follow these guidelines:

1. **Fork the repository** and create a branch.
2. **Work on a single feature or fix per branch/PR.** Avoid mixing multiple features or unrelated changes in one Pull Request.
3. **Write clear commit messages.**
4. **Ensure code quality:** Follow Kotlin coding conventions and Compose best practices.
5. **Test your changes locally** before submitting.
6. **Open a Pull Request** against the main branch of this repository. Include a description of your changes and any relevant screenshots or notes.

---

## 🐛 Bug Reporting

If you encounter any bugs, issues, or unexpected behavior while using Coffee, please feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/OpenAppsLabs/Coffee/issues) on this repository.  

When reporting a bug, please include:

- Steps to reproduce the issue
- Expected behavior
- Actual behavior
- Device/Android version
- Screenshots (if applicable)

This helps me fix problems faster and improve the app for everyone. I welcome all constructive feedback and suggestions.

If you find Coffee useful, please consider ⭐ starring the repository to help others discover it.

---

## 📄 License

Coffee is licensed under the [GNU GPL v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

---

## Stargazers over time
[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/OpenAppsLabs/Coffee.svg?variant=adaptive)](https://starchart.cc/OpenAppsLabs/Coffee)

Commit message:

Add inspiration section to README
Added an inspiration section referencing the original Coffee project.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">☕ Coffee</h1>

**Keep Screen Awake**

Coffee is a modern, open-source Android utility built with Jetpack Compose and Material Design 3. It provides a Quick Settings tile to prevent screen dimming or locking during reading, navigation, or focused tasks, with customizable timers including indefinite mode.

> **Disclaimer:** Uses foreground service with WAKE_LOCK for reliable operation. Works on Android 10+. Test compatibility on your device.

---

## 📥 Download

Get the latest version of **Coffee**:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/OpenAppsLabs/Coffee/releases/latest/download/app-release.apk">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vadret/android/master/assets/get-github.png" alt="Get it on GitHub" height="100"/>
  </a>
</p>

> ⚠️ This app is not available on the Google Play Store — use the links above to download the APK.

---

## 📱 Screenshots

<p align="center">
  <img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" width="30%" />
  <img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" width="30%" />
  <br>
  <img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png" width="30%" />
  <img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png" width="30%" />
</p>

---

## ✨ Features

* **Material You Design:** Fully compatible with Material 3 dynamic theming.  
* **Quick Settings Tile:** One-tap toggle with timer selection (1-60 min or infinite).  
* **Foreground Service:** Reliable screen-on with persistent notification.  
* **Lightweight:** Minimal footprint, instant response.  
* **No Ads/Trackers:** 100% privacy-focused, offline operation.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

I welcome contributions! To keep the project organized and maintainable, please follow these guidelines:

1. **Fork the repository** and create a branch.
2. **Work on a single feature or fix per branch/PR.** Avoid mixing multiple features or unrelated changes in one Pull Request.
3. **Write clear commit messages.**
4. **Ensure code quality:** Follow Kotlin coding conventions and Compose best practices.
5. **Test your changes locally** before submitting.
6. **Open a Pull Request** against the main branch of this repository. Include a description of your changes and any relevant screenshots or notes.

---

## 🐛 Bug Reporting

If you encounter any bugs, issues, or unexpected behavior while using Coffee, please feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/OpenAppsLabs/Coffee/issues) on this repository.  

When reporting a bug, please include:

- Steps to reproduce the issue
- Expected behavior
- Actual behavior
- Device/Android version
- Screenshots (if applicable)

This helps me fix problems faster and improve the app for everyone. I welcome all constructive feedback and suggestions.

If you find Coffee useful, please consider ⭐ starring the repository to help others discover it.

---

## 📄 License

Coffee is licensed under the [GNU GPL v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

---

## 🙏 Inspiration
Proudly inspired by the original [Coffee by @mueller-ma](https://github.com/mueller-ma/Coffee)
<br>
I have been using [@mueller-ma's Coffee](https://github.com/mueller-ma/Coffee) for long time. 

## Stargazers over time
[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/OpenAppsLabs/Coffee.svg?variant=adaptive)](https://starchart.cc/OpenAppsLabs/Coffee)
